Add flaky resolution to the docs (#2836)
buildkite/docs: pages/test_analytics/flaky_test_assignment.md

## Assigning a test

> When viewing your flaky tests, you should now see a list of teams with suite access permissions listed inside the manage flaky dropdown. From here you may assign, reassign or remove the assignment.

Reviewer: Maybe "flaky management dropdown"? I think this might read weirdly to a non TA person?

> 🚧 Assignment permissions
> All team members have the ability to create, update or remove an assignment. This feature is not restricted to admins.

> Tests that are assigned to a team will be updated to display a badge indicating as such.

Reviewer: thank you 🙏

<%= image "flaky-test-teams.png", width: 1960/2, height: 630/2, alt: "Flaky test page showing team assignments" %>

## Resolving a flaky test

> From the manage flaky dropdown, you can resolve your flaky test. Resolving a flaky test removes its current assignment and assigns a 'Marked as resolved' badge within the flaky index. If the test flakes again, it will be considered a 'Reoccurring flaky' and will receive a corresponding badge in the index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the manage flaky dropdown, you can resolve your flaky test. Resolving a flaky test will remove the test from **My Assignments**. The flake will still appear on the flaky page, and display a **Marked as resolved** badge within the flaky index. If the test flakes again, it will be considered a **Reoccurring flaky** and will receive a corresponding badge in the index.
```

Also I think we're not meant to use quotes any more, you're meant to wrap these things in double asterisks

Author: I made another little update to the text to include a mention of it staying in the flaky index until it has not flaked within 7days.

> From the flaky management dropdown, you can resolve your flaky test. Resolving a flaky test will remove the test from **My Assignments** and display a **Marked as resolved** badge within the flaky index. The test will stay in the flaky index until it has not flaked within 7 days. If the test flakes again, it will be considered a **Reoccurring flaky** and will receive a corresponding badge in the index.

Reviewer 2: What is the 'flaky management dropdown' as it is verbatim in the UI?

This should be indicated verbatim and in bold text as per our [writing styleguide](https://github.com/buildkite/docs/blob/main/styleguides/writing-style.md#ui-elements).

Author: In the UI it has a label of **Manage flaky test** for the dropdown so I can update the reference here. 
The UI also does use a **Reoccurring Flaky** badge when a flaky reoccurs.

> Furthermore, there does not need to be a screenshot added for this particular UI element.

Did you want me remove the screenshot below for this feature?

Reviewer 2: That would be fantastic @meghan-kradolfer and thanks for confirming the rest.

Happy for the screenshot to stay if it's relevant, bearing in mind that they can add to a slight maintenance overhead in docs when UIs rapidly change over time.

Author: The screenshot is only showing the badges that resolution adds, the actual **Resolve** button is shown on other screenshots. I'm happy to remove this one below as it doesn't feel super necessary and keen to make our docs easier to maintain with the rapidly changing UI

Reviewer 2: Thanks for implementing this feedback so quickly!
